# hello-world
Trying to find a new profession abroad

I come from Brazil and it's frustrating to say that my degree in Law hasn't taken me anywhere. I have never got success in that field. It was my parents option for me to follow my brother's steps because in their thoughts having that bachelor degree would give me a lot of opportunities in the future. That time I didn't stand up for what would have made me happy because I also didn't know which career to follow, instead I just agreed that I would try.
Little did I know where life would take me! At the end of 2016 I went to live in the USA and I found the love of my life who would become my husband one day. Now it's hard to believe that the whole process has got to its final interviews, where I will be finally able to look for jobs.
I have been so lost in the past few months because basically I have always liked Cosmetology, but talking to my husband I agree that this profession won't give me stability and in times like now, where we have a Pandemic going on, it's scary to think about those small business closing their doors. Thinking about that I have decided that I want to study and learn something that I can use my brain to work.
So my husband is a Science Data Analyst and he is been encouraging me to take online classes for Coding or Web Development, and I am interested even knowing it is gonna be hard and I will struggle, because I don't know much about computers (what I know is the basics) and also there is the language barrier, so of course it will be much more difficult for me.
So thinking about the possibilities and opportunities that I am having to pursue a new carrier I would like to expose myself to all the differents types of carrier and courses before choosing one. I just have the fear of choosing the wrong one and than having to start again.
